Add page to wiki to help people with IPQoS scp issue (#57)
osuosl/wiki: source/howtos/ssh_ip_qos_fix.rst

Fixing Slow SSH Speeds With IPQoS
==========================

Why?
----

The Differentiated Services Code Point (DSCP_) field in an IP header is for classifying network data and providing
Quality of Service (QoS). `The default SSH DSCP setting for non-interactive sessions`__ is ``CS1``. Within the OSL

> network, ``CS1`` packets are dropped very frequently, thus resulting in poor performance when SCPing.

Reviewer: We don't know if this is the case globally.
```suggestion
network, ``CS1`` packets might be dropped very frequently, thus resulting in poor performance when SCPing.
```

Fixing Slow SSH Speeds With IPQoS
==========================

Why?
----

> The Differentiated Services Code Point (DSCP_) field in an IP header is for

Reviewer: Can you please wrap these at 120 char?
